[Music]
today i am going to recap the story
forest gump 1994 film
spoiler ahead watch out and take care a
man sitting at a bus stop is shown in
this movie
then a lady also sits near him after
coming there
now forrest gump begins to eat chocolate
he offers her saying
would you like to eat she does not
respond
forrest gump says i can eat one and a
half million chocolates as such
then he observes her white shoes forrest
gump likes these shoes
he says your shoes are very nice they
are surely comfortable
she says my feet are aching then forrest
gump tells
i have put on many shoes throughout my
life i will remember the first worn
shoes of life if i rack my brain
then the story opens in the flashback
where forrest gump is a child
he is in the clinic of a doctor he is
being put on the special type of shoes
having the fixed steel rods
doctor tells he has curvature of the
spine while feet are strong
there is no need to take tension i will
make everything better
forest gump falls down as doctor says i
will make everything better
forrest gump's mother takes him out she
advises him
never allow anyone to say as he is
better than you
allah could create all children's feet
like you if he created everyone same
but you are unique in your own forrest
gump is named to him because of being
impressed from his distant relative's
name
so he is given a name forrest gump
forrest gump's mother desires the best
education for forrest gump
sushi takes him in a standardized school
but the principal says
this kid cannot be admitted in this
school because of his low iq level
forrest gump's mother says no my son
will get study in the school of normal
children
principal further says in the criteria
of admission to our school
forrest gump does not fulfill the
requirements of it
you should admit him in the school which
is for special children like forrest
gump
but forest gump's mother convinces
principal later
now forrest gump has got admission in a
standardized school
no one offers him seat on the bus at the
very first day
there is a little girl who asks him
would you like to sit here
and she makes seat for forrest gump this
girl's name is jenny
they both become good friends forrest
gump and his mother only reside in their
house because he is orphan
his mother uses her dwelling as a guest
house making it a source of income
so the visit of people continues in
their house
once a singer visits their house forrest
gump starts dancing awkwardly when that
singer is playing a guitar
his walking style is also very strange
after a few days
when forrest gump and his mother are
passing through market
they watch the same singer on tv who had
visited their house as a guest and he is
performing the same dancing steps which
were being performed by forrest gump
before him
people are feeling excitement and also
liking him forrest gump is telling his
story to that lady
then he has a heart attack he says it is
difficult to be kin of someone it is
perhaps the reason of heart attack
after that it is shown that jenny and
forrest gump are very good friends
they meet play go wander and always be
with each other
one day they are going and three kids
come after them who attack forrest gump
throwing a stone on his head
stone hits on forrest gump's head while
returning back
this hit falls him down those kids say
to forrest gump you are foolish
and they are throwing more stones on him
jenny immediately says
run forrest gump run forrest gump begins
to walk awkwardly
and those kids start chasing him riding
on their bicycles
jenny says after him run fast run fast
forest gump
he starts running and his speed
increases gradually
and his fitted leg braces begin to break
he increases his speed of running
gradually
he runs too fast even his chaser on
bicycle cannot chase him
forrest gump knows his ability to run
for the first time on this day
as it is the first time that he ran it
is also shown along with it that jenny
resides near forrest gump
house she comes to forrest gump's house
at night stealthily saying
there is a dog in her house from which
she feels fear
forrest gump says that is a mean dog
jenny and forrest gump are grown up with
the passage of time
and the same scene is shown when three
children had run throwing the stones on
forrest gump at first time
all children have grown up today they
again throw stones on forrest gump
they are ridden in a jeep not on bicycle
and jenny says
run forest gump run forest gump forest
gump reaches a ground while running
where the football match is being played
there a striker is running and taking a
ball for making his goal
then forrest gump runs too fast as he
leaves that striker behind he leaves
from there while running
the present football coaches ask who is
he
one of the trainers says his name is
forrest gump
he is not sensible but checking the
speed of his running he is hired as a
football player by them
consequently forrest gump also finds an
opportunity to enter the college
and forrest gump is unaware about the
rules of the football match while
playing
but he only knows is to run taking a
ball he
starts running as someone gives him a
ball and he does not stop until he's
caught by someone
he is very speedy and the match is being
won because of him
forrest gump's reputation touches the
peak with the passage of time
he is also hired in the all-american
team and he continues to play the
matches for five years
he gets the degree of college after
playing games for five years
he says i had played football as a
result got degree
an army officer also visits in his
college when there was convocation day
in his college
and he asks forrest gump have you
thought something about your career
forrest gump is recruited in army a bus
full of army officers reaches there in
order to pick up forrest gump
they are all going for training coming
into the bus
he says to driver i am forrest gump
driver replies
nothing matters is who are you gutter
worm go and sit at the back seat
he goes to the back side but no one is
willing to give him seat with him
he was also not given the seat in the
bus in his childhood when he was going
to the school
only jenny had offered him a seat an
awkward and bulky boy with thick lips
says to him
you can sit here forrest gump sits there
he tells my name is benjamin but people
call me
bubba forrest gump says my name is
forrest gump and people call me by the
same name
bubba tells him i wanted to start the
work of prawns but was recruited in the
army
my mother cooks prawns actually bubba
always talks about the prawns as it is
the precious thing of his life
forrest gump tells jenny they are
sending me to vietnam
jenny says to him promise me you will
run from there if you detect any danger
there
you will not try to be a legend he says
okay
i will do the same one day i will write
a letter to you
and then jenny leaves from there and
bubba and forrest gump have reached
vietnam
looking at the sea bubba says i bet that
there will be many prawns in it
let's capture this area then we will
come here to catch prawns
bubba has nothing to say except prawns
bubba says to forrest gump
i have a plan as we will buy a boat
after returning from here
and we will catch many prawns from sea
we will have partnership of 50
50. no house will be required for us
because we can sleep on the boat
and our cot prawns may be our food
forrest gump says
it is a good idea now they have spent
many months in vietnam
forest gump writes a letter to jenny on
the daily basis
they are attacked when they are going to
a forest they begin to escape because of
the large numbering of enemies
and their chance of survival is low as
jenny had said to forrest gump that you
will flee from there in case of any
dangerous situation
you will not try to be hero so forrest
gump runs
he is the champion of race he runs as
fast as when he turns back to sea
reaching at a point there is no one at
his backside even at a distance
thinking about bubba he returns back to
take bubba while running but does not
find him
but he finds one of the soldiers like
them who is wounded
lifting him up he takes him at the bank
of a stream
and he again returns to search bubba but
of no use
he again finds another wounded soldier
who is also taken by him at the bank of
stream
he returns back many times and brings
all soldiers there
saving them now he has to search bubba
reaching there he finds their wounded
lieutenant dan
he does not want to retreat but face the
opponent
but forrest gump forcefully leads him at
the bank of river
forest gump is still returning back to
search bubba while not accepting his
defeat
then lieutenant dan says don't go there
because there are opponents who are
exploding bombs
in spite of this forrest gump goes there
and finds bubba
bubba has been shot he takes him back
but bubba does not survive
throughout this journey forrest gump had
also a gunshot on his body
then it is shown that all army officers
are admitted in the hospital
all are wounded but forrest gump is
rejoicing there an army officer tells
him reaching there
you are awarded the medal of honor
because you had rescued the number of
the people
now he needs to receive medal from
president then jenny comes at a distance
and calls
forrest forrest is excited seeing jenny
and goes to her leaving the stage
he embraces her then they have a long
conversation and jenny tells him about
the whole journey of hers which things
had been done by her
forrest gump has received the medal of
honor he tells about vietnam
he hands it over to jenny saying i did
what you wanted me to do.
then jenny takes him to introduce him
with some of his friends
there is a special friend of jenny among
them embracing forrest gump
she leaves with that friend jenny again
went far from forrest gump
thanks for watching like comment
and subscribe don't forget to hit the
bell icon